chore: update setup documentation (#480)
watson-developer-cloud/discovery-components: README.md

- [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
- [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installation-and-update)

>   - Set Node version to 16.x.x (e.g. `16.14.2`) via `nvm install 16.14.2` and `nvm use 16.14.2`

Reviewer: Nit: I think you can just do `nvm install 16` (same for `use`) and it will just use the latest.

- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/getting-started/install) or [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)

> - For MacOS, install any waiting OS Software Updates and run `xcode-select --install` in terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On MacOS, the Xcode Command Line Tools. To install, run `xcode-select --install` in terminal.
```

Why do we need to specify running updates? I think just `Xcode-select --install` should be fine (even if user is down level on the OS).

Author: When trying to get it working recently, `xcode-select --install` points to running `Software update` first if there are updates available.

     - `DISCOVERY_URL` is the API URL to your Discovery instance (ex. `https://api.us-south.discovery.cloud.ibm.com/instances/2386cfd4-a584-41d0-868d-671d8be819bc`)
     - `DISCOVERY_APIKEY` the api key associated with `DISCOVERY_URL`

   <img src="./docs/images/example-url-apikey.png" alt="URL and API key" width="800px">

6. Build the React components:

   ```
   yarn workspace @ibm-watson/discovery-react-components run build
   ```

7. Start the example server:

   ```

>    yarn workspace discovery-search-app server

Reviewer: Is this correct?
```suggestion
   yarn workspace discovery-search-app run server
```

Author: `yarn server` or `yarn run server` seem to run the same, but I can update to `yarn run server`.
